[2999][ADD] product_website_description (#231)
qrtl/mi7-custom: website_product_description_view/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> - Add new tab "Product Description for Website Display" on Product Master
> - Add fields Website Description field into the tab
> - Website Description field be able to be edited with HTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds "Product Description for Website Display" tab to the product form,
  to give users the ability to edit the product description to show on the
  eCommerce product page.

This feature is in response to the situation where it was not possible to edit
the product description on the shop frontend for a technical glitch.
```
